Hey, good morning family. I'm excited to be with y'all again today. I have a word for you.
This word is quite a bit; I don't know, I'll probably make it a two-part series here again.
But I was praying. First off, I want to say this: I hope you had a Merry Christmas.
I hope you had good family time. I hope you got your heart's desires.
You know, it's a wonderful time of the year; God is so faithful.
I was praying on Christmas night, and the Lord said, 'I want you to get inside the car, and I want you to drive around and pray.'So I got in the car—it was about five in the morning—and he said, 'I want you to listen to the song Prayer by Petra, the band Petra.
I want you to listen to it in prayer.'So I just put it on repeat and just kept praying in the spirit and listening to Prayer by Petra and just driving around in my town.
All of a sudden, the Lord just opened my eyes to the spirit realm when I was worshiping and singing and praying.
I came home, and the Lord said, 'I want you to pray with your wife.'So I told my wife, 'We're going to pray, and we need to pray together.'So I started interceding, and the Lord showed me, just like he always does, the calendars; he shows me in visions things that are coming.
In this one, I could see into January really clearly. I could see into February and March.
I could see plots and plans of the wicked—of them plotting things against the American people, against America's elections, against a lot of things, interference.
I have to be careful with some of it because I'm not going to release all of that, but I'm going to say it like this: I heard the Spirit of the Lord say, 'Great grace will be poured out over 2024—a great grace.'I saw a grace wave.
I could see it on January, February, March, April, and May; there was an acceleration of great grace.
I saw a change in the spiritual atmosphere concerning finances—a supernatural outpouring of finances for the people who are listening in the Body of Christ.
It's going to pour on the just and the unjust. I saw a great wave of money in 2024. I saw a diffusing of another plot of a virus—a diffusing.
Now, I don't understand that, but it was like it was going to try to be something that turned into nothing more so than what the enemy was trying to in store for 2024.
It was like you let out a balloon. I saw going into April even more of a grace acceleration of finances.
There was something about praying over April, and I could hear the Lord Jesus Christ talking to me when I was praying and singing.
He was over this great grace time. I could see he was anticipating something.
He was watching over America; I could see him watching over our land.
He was looking at us with anticipation, watching how we were going to handle these finances, how we were handling this window of a grace explosion—what I'm going to call grace acceleration.
I got clear into... I could see the weather. I could see storms.
I could see, as far as spring goes, a normal spring with an acceleration of long-track tornadoes.
I saw the jet stream strengthening and accelerating. I'm not a meteorologist, so I'm just telling you what I see.
I saw that the storms would be long-track tornadoes in some places that would be at a stronger category than an EF5 that we've never seen before.
This is stuff that doesn't necessarily have to happen; this is stuff that we can pray over to stop.
Because I'm a prophetic intercessor, I'm trying to tell you things that the Lord shows me that we have authority over, that we can change through the power of prayer. Over the storms, we have authority.
We are able to speak to the storms and tell them, 'Peace, be still.'When he's showing me about the long-track tornadoes and these major events of the jet stream speeding up, I don't understand all that, but I'm just telling you we have authority over the storms and drought in major places.
So, speak over the rain, speaking to the rain to come over your area so that you have water for your land; it doesn't have to be that way.
Going into... I saw Trump with major rallies, with seas of people coming to his rallies.
I saw him speaking on a stage with a white shirt, a red tie, and a blue suit like he always wears.
He was preaching, and what looked like mountains were in the background.
I don't know where it was—maybe it was Arizona—but there were mountains on the horizon. I could see them, and he was speaking there.
I won't tell you what I saw trying to happen against him; we just need to pray for his protection.
That's all I will say. You will need to pray for his protection in massive rallies. I saw it outdoors, a big crowd and mountains.
Going into 2025 again, I saw something like the great Hoover Dam in the Las Vegas, Nevada area.
This was like a massive, thick, slate wall of something that looked as dark as onyx.
Again, I saw it at the end of December going into January. It looked like it was impenetrable.
The blackness was the darkest black I've ever seen before. It went up on a wall like this, and you could not see through it.
It was like crude oil behind it. The more I was looking into January, February, March, and April, all of a sudden it split.
What was blackest through those months had a bit of a green start to come upon the grass.
There were some trees I could see, but then there was thick, thick black all on top of these trees in March, April, and May of 2025.
I kept focusing on it because I was like, 'Lord, why am I seeing this darkness all on this timeframe?'But I saw Trump crying, hearing the word 'depression'—a Great Depression.
Then I saw Trump in the Oval Office, and he was crying. He had his hands down on his head at his desk in the Oval Office.
This is another thing we should pray over. I'm not trying to get political; I'm just telling you what I saw.
He was crying and asking for mercy. He was crying out for mercy concerning America, and he was interceding.
But it was a different type of Trump: he was skinnier, for one, and he looked worn out, per se.
But he was broken to the point where he was interceding. All of a sudden, I saw pastors in the Oval Office with him, walking around praying.
He had called for people to pray with him, and I could see these men—they weren't just standing there behind him like I've seen in pictures before; they were actually pacing and interceding in the Oval Office, praying in the spirit.
I saw a man—I believe he's a pastor from somewhere—who had a bald head and hair on the sides.
He was a tall man, very slender in my opinion—probably 240 or 250 pounds.
He was walking back and forth praying, wearing a gray suit, a white shirt, and no tie.
He was praying in there with Holy Ghost energy. The tears were just flowing down his face when he was interceding for the nation.
All of a sudden, I saw something very interesting. You know the paddles you use to shock somebody to wake them up?
I saw those hit the nation of America. I saw shockwaves go over the land, pulses.
I could see the shocks again—boom—and I could see it rippling across the land. All of that black started to move.
There was a thick black that started looking like waves of energy moving across the soil of America as this prayer was going on in the White House.
Then all of a sudden, the Lord said, 'Look.'I saw toward the North Pole, and I saw a light that looked like a match.
All of a sudden, the black was all over the world at this time.
If you were to take an egg and put pressure from the inside out, like a chick breaking forth—that's the way this dome, which was a half-sphere over this area, was breaking.
The light was like a match, and all of a sudden this energy—Holy Ghost energy—took it and exploded that blackness off.
It started to fall in pieces like an eggshell shattering. All of a sudden, that anointing, that glow, that light from this match...
it was the most intense light I've ever seen, similar to what's at the Father's throne.
It was at a center, but there was light upon light around it from the north.
It split this black out and exploded, and all of a sudden that light started sending rays of light through that eggshell-looking thing—this membrane, I'll call it.
It started to split, and the light started shining all through it. Then the light started to spread.
I couldn't figure out what that was, but that's what I saw when I was praying. It was quite beautiful.
But the Black Dome was towards the north, by Ireland—that area is where this was at.
Then I was taken back to 2024 instead of 2025. I'm interceding, so I want you all to pray with me.
I'm not saying who the next president will be; I'm just telling you what I saw. I see in part, and I hear in part.
I'm a prophetic intercessor, so I'm asking you to pray for the protection of 45, pray for this nation to turn around.
I didn't see what happened after those shockwaves; the vision was cut off. I believe he's giving us more time here.
I believe he's wanting to have a major revival and a major outpouring of his Spirit upon America and the earth.
I told you I saw a major shaking coming and major events taking place throughout the world.
I want to encourage you to intercede for this stuff. 2024 is going to be a good year.
There's going to be bad, yes, but it's what you focus on. There's going to be a great grace over 2024. There's hope. It's not all doom and gloom.
There's hope for you and your household, for healing, for deliverance, for your children to have a good future.
We have authority in this earth; we can pray over things and call those things that be not as though they were.
You can be full of the joy of the Lord and have increase in your life.
Listen to what the Spirit of the Lord is telling you to do on a daily basis. Pray without ceasing by having communion.
Your heart towards him: 'Father, I seek your face, I need you for my direction.'He will teach you all things.
He'll show you how to cook; he'll teach you about everything. He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
If you build a relationship with him, he'll talk to you about everything.
Some people think I should not make so many videos, so I prayed about it.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, if Kenneth Hagin could preach a five-week revival twice a day and never get tired, you're fine to do a 15-minute sermon every several days.'He started laughing about it because people have such a small-minded mentality.
You're never going to run out of the river if you're close to the Vine.
If ye abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will. I just want to be next to the living water.
I didn't come on here to promote my channel; I came to preach to whoever will listen.
I don't need 100,000 views to feel like I've done something.
If five people get their lives touched, then I've done something.
I was a janitor for 15 years; any kind of attraction is good. Jesus is using me, and I'm excited about it.
All I want is for the Father to say, 'Well done, thy good and faithful servant.'I'm not about promotion from man; I need Jesus.
If I'm abiding in him, he's in control. He's the captain of my ship.
He is the Potter, and I'm the clay. I have this treasure in an earthen vessel.
I'm about done with collaborations; it's a distraction. I hope that blesses you all today.
I'm sorry if you hear my little girl in the background. Megan's overcoming autism, and she makes noises.
I'm trying to make the video as best I can. She needs a healing, so I'm just being real with y'all.
It's cold to go into my garage and do these videos, but I'd rather do them in my house because it's warmer in here.
Let me pray for you. Father, I thank you for every single person who is listening.
I pray blessing over them and increase over their houses. I call their marriages and children to be blessed.
I call their bodies healed and whole. No weapon formed against them will prosper.
We call them delivered from any kind of addictions—from chemicals to drugs to pornographies to abuses.
We call them delivered in the name of Jesus. We thank you, Father, that they'll renew their minds and everything is going to be okay.
I call blessing and increase, and I curse cancers, diabetes, heart disease, and sickness.
Jesus paid the price for you to have all the healing you need.
I call you healed, spirit, soul, and body. I call you delivered, sir, of PTSD.
I command that tormenting spirit to go. I call for new kidneys in 2024; no more kidney or liver problems.
I call your heart healed and whole. I speak to arteries in the neck—from clogged, blocked main arteries.
No strokes. I speak healing over paralysis in the face or arms from strokes.
Sometimes miracles are a process. Do not give up on the full manifestation.
I don't give up on my daughter; I keep calling those things that be not as though they were.
I call her healed all the time, and I'm seeing results. God is faithful.
So believe for the full manifestation. Move your fingers; move by faith. Faith without works is dead.
I believe with you for complete manifestations for every single one of you.
Jesus came and set the captives free. He died and rose again for you.
Today is your day for deliverance. Give your heart to Jesus Christ today.
Turn from your sin, and Jesus will set you free. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much. We will see you next time. Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.